README.md, before:

# units
*units* gives you units libraries in popular programming languages.

What? Why? How?
===============

*units* provides you tools for using units and units conversions easily in your favorite language.

Our main goal is:

> To create a library of units handling that will validate that the user uses the right units in their code

Our secondary goals are:
> * To do those validations in compile time (when possible) in order to prevent performance issues.
> * To support basic usage such as summation, subtraction, comparison, etc. of units.
> * To maintain high accuracy when using units (especially in casting from one unit to another).
> * To support insertion of new units to the library easily.
> * To correlate the unit scales in all supported languages for multi-platform projects

How do we do this? learn how by reading the README.md file in the most suitable language file for you:
* [C++](units_cpp/README.md)

Look [here](docs/supported_units.md) to see in which units do we support.

Look [here](docs/conversions.md) to see the units conversion table.

For more details about our libraries, go [here](https://github.com/saroad2/units/wiki).

## Future Supported Languages and Platforms

* Java
* Python
* C#
* .NET

Commit message:

Docs - fix constants documentation generation and add link in README.md

README.md, after:

# units
*units* gives you units libraries in popular programming languages.

What? Why? How?
===============

*units* provides you tools for using units and units conversions easily in your favorite language.

Our main goal is:

> To create a library of units handling that will validate that the user uses the right units in their code

Our secondary goals are:
> * To do those validations in compile time (when possible) in order to prevent performance issues.
> * To support basic usage such as summation, subtraction, comparison, etc. of units.
> * To maintain high accuracy when using units (especially in casting from one unit to another).
> * To support insertion of new units to the library easily.
> * To correlate the unit scales in all supported languages for multi-platform projects

How do we do this? learn how by reading the README.md file in the most suitable language file for you:
* [C++](units_cpp/README.md)

Look [here](docs/supported_units.md) to see in which units do we support.

Look [here](docs/conversions.md) to see the units conversion table.

Look [here](docs/constants.md) to see the constants included in our libraries.

For more details about our libraries, go [here](https://github.com/saroad2/units/wiki).

## Future Supported Languages and Platforms

* Java
* Python
* C#
* .NET
